net: lib: nrf_cloud: Fix incorrect event when connecting fails (#10407)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added:

    * A public header file :file:`nrf_cloud_defs.h` that contains common defines for interacting with nRF Cloud and the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library.

>     * A new event :c:enum:`NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECT_ERROR` to indicate an error in transport connection establishment when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * A new event :c:enum:`NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECT_ERROR` to indicate an error while the transport connection is being established when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is enabled.
```

>     * A new event :c:enum:`NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECT_ERROR` to indicate an error while the transport connection is being established when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is enabled.

Reviewer 2: I think we need to add something like:
Earlier this was indicated with second NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECTING event with error status

Author: Yes, that's probably a good idea.

  * Added:

    * A public header file :file:`nrf_cloud_defs.h` that contains common defines for interacting with nRF Cloud and the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library.

>     * A new event :c:enum:`NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECT_ERROR` to indicate an error while the transport connection is being established when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is enabled.

Reviewer 3: What about if polling not enabled

>       Earlier this was indicated with a second :c:enum:`NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECTING` event with an error status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Earlier, this was indicated with an :c:enum:`NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECTING` event with an error status.
```
Does this go wrong if we don't say second?

Author: I think we want to say it's the second `NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECTING` event. The first one is sent always, but in case of an error, a second `NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECTING` event is sent with a different status. This was not very intuitive (and not really documented).
